Added angr and PIE docs (#176)
redballoonsecurity/ofrak: docs/user-guide/angr.md

# Angr Backend

## Install

> Like the Ghidra backend, Angr is distributed with the OFRAK docker image. 

Reviewer: A container 
```suggestion
An OFRAK container with the Angr backend can be built with:
```bash
python3 build_image.py --config ofrak-angr.yml --base --finish
```
```

## Usage

> To use Angr, you need to discover the components at setup-time with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use angr, you need to discover the components at setup-time with:
```

```python
ofrak = OFRAK(logging.INFO)

> ofrak.injector.discover(ofrak_angr)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ofrak.injector.discover(ofrak_angr)
ofrak.injector.discover(ofrak_capstone(
```

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note that the angr backend is designed to be used in conjunction with the Capstone backend, which implements `BasicBlockUnpacker`.

```

!!! warning
    You can only use one of these analysis backends at a time (angr OR Binary Ninja OR Ghidra)

### Angr auto-analysis

> Using Angr auto-analysis is transparent after the components are discovered, you don't 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using angr auto-analysis is transparent after the components are discovered, you don't 
```
